To whom it may concern,

Thank you for your feedback on our paper "Ten Quick Tips for Making Things
Findable".  We have made most of the changes requested by the reviewers, and
have responded to the one we chose not to make (see below). The file
"10-findable.pdf" is the updated version, while "fourth-submission-changes.pdf"
highlights alterations. As requested, we are submitting the figure in a separate
file and have put the figure caption at the end of the paper.

Thank you for your consideration,

Sarah Lin, Ibraheem Ali, and Greg Wilson


The reviewer wrote: "Tip 2: I like the idea of a figure, but I found this one
slightly confusing with the A-G labels. For example, won’t code & analytics (D)
be part of the computational method mentioned at (B). I would think about
simplifying and making this self-consistent."

We have simplified the figure clarifying the methods distinction. For the
purposes of this figure we prefer to keep the code and methods separate, because
they are not always archived together.

The reviewer wrote: "Also, in this tip you mention publication in a
peer-reviewed journal, whereas (F) only has citations to preprint sites. While I
am a preprint fan and I don’t want to take you off course, I would suggest you
mention benefits here for the many publication products that won’t necessarily
be part of a peer-reviewed publication. This is in addition to the single text
mention of preprints in the bulleted list in this section."

The following text has been added to provide context for the benefits (and
challenges) of publication products like preprints. “Furthermore, the surge in
use of preprints and other similar research products has created an abundance of
citable research products. While they are useful for demonstrating open research
productivity, they create an added challenge of finding the many different types
of research products that arise in the modern workflow. The second step in
making things findable is to think ahead about the things you would want to be
found at the completion of the project, including relevant preprints, before
cataloging what you have.”

In addition we moved the reference for Figure 1F for clarity. “Advancements in
best-practices for making research products more `FAIR' has led to the creation
of an array of discipline specific, and general repositories (Figure 1F).”

Finally, we added information in the figure caption to clarify that we are
referring to databases that do not include journal articles “F: An example set
of citable repositories or tools used to find research products outside of
journal articles.”

The reviewer wrote: "Finally, I’d also include a reference to Docker/Dockerfiles
as an important emerging standard for code publication and reuse."

We agree that the use of Docker is an important tool for interoperability and
reproducibility, but this article focuses on _findability_.  Container images
created in Docker are searched in DockerHub, but this platform does not (yet)
create persistent identifiers and does not follow all the findability best
practices that we describe. We therefore do not think it is ready to be included
in one of the tips.
